[API design] App Store apps (VPP): create policies for automatic install (#25976)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

| app_store_id   | string | body | **Required.** The ID of App Store app. |
| team_id       | integer | body | **Required**. The team ID. Adds VPP software to the specified team.  |
| platform | string | body | The platform of the app (`darwin`, `ios`, or `ipados`). Default is `darwin`. |

> | self_service | boolean | body | Only supported for macOS apps. Specifies whether the app shows up on the **Fleet Desktop > My device** page and is available for install by the end user. |

Author: `self_service` is only supported for macOS apps. If the user sets automatic_install to true for an iOS/iPadOS app show this error:

```
Couldn’t add. Currently, self-service is only supported on macOS, Windows, and Linux. Please add the app without self_service and manually install it on the Host details page.
```

Reviewer: Current error is:

```
Currently, self-service only supports macOS
```

which makes sense in the context of VPP. Sounds like we want to return an error message that covers all apps/installers, not just VPP?

> | automatic_install | boolean | form | Create a policy that triggers a software install only on hosts missing the software. |

Author: ```suggestion
| automatic_install | boolean | form | Only supported for macOS apps. Specifies whether to create a policy that triggers a software install only on hosts missing the software. |
```

> | automatic_install | boolean | form | Only supported for macOS apps. Specifies whether to create a policy that triggers a software install only on hosts missing the software. |

Author: ### Dev note

`automatic_install` is only supported for macOS apps. If the user sets `automatic_install` to `true` for an iOS/iPadOS app show this error:

```
Couldn’t add. Fleet can’t create a policy that triggers automatic software install for iOS or iPadOS apps. Please add the app without automatic_install and manually install it on the Host details page.
```

| team_id       | integer | body | **Required**. The team ID. Adds VPP software to the specified team.  |
| platform | string | body | The platform of the app (`darwin`, `ios`, or `ipados`). Default is `darwin`. |

> | self_service | boolean | body | Self-service software is optional and can be installed by the end user. |

Author: ```suggestion
| self_service | boolean | body | Only supported for macOS apps. Specifies whether the app shows up on the **Fleet Desktop > My device** page and is available for install by the end user. |
```
